{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi0\ri-198\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b1\i1\ul\ulc0 Love in Tokyo}{\f0\fs22\b1\ul\ulc0  (working title) \endash  A Movie to Bridge Two Worlds}
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ri-198\qr\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b0 Yoriko Yamamura}
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ri-198\qj\ltrch\loch \f0\fs22\b0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ri-198\qj\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b0 Despite much potential demand, Bollywood cinema currently enjoys only a weak presence in Japan. One problem is the gap between the general Japanese viewers\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  expectation for Indian movies to be exotic, over-the-top masala musicals (e.g. }{\f0\fs22\b0\i1 Muthu}{\f0\fs22\b0 ), and the tendency for the more story-oriented and/or innovative Bollywood movies to deviate from this expectation. In order to bridge this gap, I propose }{\f0\fs22\b0\ul\ulc0 a lavish Bollywood-style musical set in Tokyo}{\f0\fs22\b0  with }{\f0\fs22\b0\ul\ulc0 themes and characters the Japanese audience can closely relate to}{\f0\fs22\b0 , featuring }{\f0\fs22\b0\ul\ulc0 a musical score that samples and fuses a multitude of Indian and Japanese styles}{\f0\fs22\b0 . This film seeks to explore the possibilities of the Bollywood musical medium in expressing ideas rooted in non-Indian cultures, as well as to communicate the potentially universal appeal of Bollywood cinema to a wider audience in Japan.}
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ri-198\qj\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ri-198\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b1 SYNOPSIS}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ri-198\qj\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b0\ul\ulc0 Suraj(\hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Suji\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 )}{\f0\fs22\b0 , an aspiring filmmaker from rural Punjab who loves Shibuya-kei culture, comes to Tokyo and meets }{\f0\fs22\b0\ul\ulc0 Ashuri(\hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Aash\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 )}{\f0\fs22\b0 , a job hunter from suburban Tokyo who recently gave up her dream of becoming a Bollywood actress in India. The two spend a romantic weekend, singing classic Bollywood songs together, but part ways without expecting to meet again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0 Later, Aash finds a job as an English teacher at a local middle school. Uninterested in her work, estranged from her colleagues and ridiculed by her students, she is haunted by her lingering feelings for Suji and her dashed Bollywood dreams. She only begins to move on with her life when she meets }{\f0\fs22\b0\ul\ulc0 Noa}{\f0\fs22\b0 , a manwhore DJ who has sworn to become a Buddhist monk. Noa is inspired by Aash and Suji\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s story, and writes a song about them. Hoping to win Noa\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s affection, Aash begins to choreograph a music video for the song.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0 Meanwhile, Suji has written a screenplay based on his encounter with Aash, set in 1960s Tokyo. A copy of the script falls into the hands of a prominent Mumbai gangster, who coerces Suji to direct a movie based on the script. In Mumbai, Suji also runs into }{\f0\fs22\b0\ul\ulc0 Bahar}{\f0\fs22\b0 , his best friend in middle school. Bahar, now a lighting engineer in Bollywood, has a conflicted sexuality, and offers her services for his movie although she harbors a secret crush on him and is tormented by the fact that Aash, not she, had inspired him to make a movie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0 Suji\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s gangster patron soon hijacks the film and turns it into a C-grade masala movie, to Suji\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s resentment. Aash, through her music video project, comes to terms with how much Bollywood had meant to her, as well as realize how much Suji still inspires her. Suji and Aash\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s efforts to deal with memories of their brief romance continue to play themselves out in parallel but opposite directions, until a strange turn of events brings them back together to collaborate on their own Bollywood movie.}}