{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1 \'01\bullet ;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li720\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi0\sb160\sl288\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs42\cf1 S}{\f0\fs32\cf1 CREENPLAY}{\f0\fs42\cf1  F}{\f0\fs32\cf1 ORMAT}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi0\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs36\cf1 About This Template}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 When compiled (File > Compile), this project will generate a formatted screenplay.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs36\cf1 How To Use this Template}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \bullet \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf1 Edit the Title Page document to ensure it contains the correct information.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \bullet \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf1 Create new documents inside the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Scenes\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  folder and use Scrivener\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s script mode (Format > Scriptwriting > Script Mode - Screenplay) to write your script. It\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s up to you whether you use a separate document for each scene or not.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \bullet \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf1 Information about characters can be placed in the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Characters\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  folder, and information about locations can be placed in the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Places\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  folder.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \bullet \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf1 Character and setting sketch sheets have been provided which can be used for filling out information about the people and places in your novel. These are located in the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Template Sheets\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  folder. You should not edit the documents in the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Template Sheets\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  folder directly unless you wish to change the templates (which you are free to do - you may wish to customise the sketch sheets or get rid of them entirely). Instead, select the sheet and then choose Documents > Duplicate to create a new copy of the document which you can move to its intended location and fill in with your character or setting details.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \bullet \tab }{\f0\fs24\cf1 Compile your script for printing or exporting by selecting File > Compile.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi0\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs36\cf1 Sample Document}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 See the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Sample Script\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  PDF file in the Research folder for an example of a script that has been created using this template.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs36\cf1 Final Note}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template, and you can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.}}